#summary How to install Vasik* and its dependencies instructions.
#labels MacOSX

= Introduction =

All these steps were followed on a Mac OS X Leopard (10.5.7). It's important to install all packages in a place where the compiler and the linker can find. In the example below include file are installed in /usr/local/include/ and libraries in /usr/local/lib/.

0. Install XCode, you can find it on any Mac OS X Installation DVD (Panther/Tiger/Leopard). *IMPORTANT! If you plan to install FreeImage old Panther SDK (10.3.9) is needed. Check it when you are installing XCode Tools!*
1. If needed, install python. I'm not sure about Panther but Tiger/Leopard come with python in a default installation.
2. Install SCons (http://www.scons.org):
    shell> tar xvfz scons-1.2.0.tar.gz
    shell> cd scons-1.2.0/
    shell> sudo python setup.py install
3. Install Swig (http://www.swig.org):
    shell> tar xvfz swig-1.3.39.tar.gz
    shell> cd swig-1.3.39/
    shell> ./configure
    shell> make
    shell> sudo make install
4. Install Lua (http://www.lua.org):
    shell> tar xvfz lua-5.1.4.tar.gz
    shell> cd lua-5.1.4/
    shell> make macosx
    shell> sudo make install 

Optional to run 'demosystem':

0. Install GLFW (http://glfw.sourceforge.net):
    shell> tar xvfz glfw-2.6.tar.gz
    shell> cd glfw/
    shell> make macosx-gcc
    shell> sudo make macosx-install
1. Install FreeImage (http://freeimage.sourceforge.net):
	*IMPORTANT! You need to have Mac OS X 10.3.9 SDK installed on you system, don't forget to click on the checkbox when installing XCode Tools!*
	shell> unzip FreeImage3120.zip
	shell> cd FreeImage/
	shell> make
	shell> sudo make install
2. Install FreeType (http://freetype.sourceforge.net):
    shell> tar xvfz freetype-2.3.9.tar.gz
    shell> cd freetype-2.3.9/
    shell> ./configure
    shell> make
    shell> sudo make install
    shell> sudo ln -s /usr/local/include/freetype2/freetype/ /usr/local/include/freetype (to fix bad header placing...)
3. Install FFTW3 (http://www.fftw.org)
    shell> ./configure
    shell> make
    shell> sudo make install
4. Install FMOD 3.75 (http.//www.fmod.org)
    shell> unzip fmodapi375mac.zip
    shell> cd fmodapi375mac/
    shell> sudo cp api/inc/* /usr/local/include/
    shell> sudo cp api/lib/* /usr/local/lib/
    
Hei! If you've achieved correctly those steps...You're ready to run:

shell> ./compile.sh

You're done!!! Happy Vasik`*` coding!